Our five senses are incomplete without the sixth, a sense of humor.
I'm not racist, racism is a crime, and crime is for black people
I'm not a stalker, I just know things... by the way you're out of milk.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Once a failure, always a retard!
Consciousness: That annoying time between naps.
You're caught in the wire. Well I'll lift you up!
Who am I...? Captain Jack Sparrow!
I'm a pokemon. Catch me.
Jeg lider av post-traumatisk stress.
Lucid Dreaming.
Eg svettar på føtane.
I like homework. It fascinates me. I sit and think about doing it for hours.
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
When in doubt, mumble.
I don't suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute of it.
Monday is an awful way to spend 1/7th of your life.
There's too much blood in my alcholoe system.
Be sure to remember, that what this film is all about.
If you do not know just what to do, ask your teacher when this film is finished. 
The atomic bomb explodes. First you duck, then you cover. Duck and cover underneath the table. It's a bomb, duck and cover.
Renegades of funk.
Reality is just an illusion made by the lack of alcohol.
Leading on the action, caught in a cell phones rays. Bleeding on a sofa, staring at the wayside.
Killer in the hallway.
Do you believe in God? Say yes to pull the trigger.
Cause I told you once, now I told you twice, we gonna light it up like it's DYNAMITE!!
And to those of you who got an A, congratulation, you can get away with murder.
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
You don't have to be crazy to live in this world, but it helps.
I Dexters Laboratorium, der oohell skjer.
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
Hva er dette jeg har da aldri.
Sarcasm is an art.. and some people just don't have an appreciation for art.
Master of puppets, I'm pulling your strings, twisting your mind, and smashing your dreams. 
Forever trusting who we are, and nothing else matters.
Kill, it's such a friendly word.
Never be, never see, won't see what might have been.
Life it seems, will fade away.
Take advantage of a malleable mind been a weakened sucker boy without a spine that's alright, that's alright.
I don't need to see these visions to remind me that I'm dying from the inside out.
Promises and wishes all mean nothing, when it's me that I'm speaking to.
I see the darkness surround, the shape on the ground, the killer straight up and a body face down
I've made a choice that I regret. Now, what I see is what I get.
She loves me not, she loves me still, but she'll never love again.
Love is a four-letter word. It's never spoken here.
Pants are an illusion and so is death,
Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway.
Laziness is knowing you can, but deciding you won't
Time is what keeps everything from happening at once.
WARNING: Children left unattended will be sold to the circus.
Sometimes I have to poop for a long time. Now you say something
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.
Nuke the whales!
I don't have a drinking problem. I drink. I get drunk. I fall down. No problem.
I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
Fame hit me like a ton of bricks.
I woke up this morning, smiled at the rising sun. Three little birds, sat on my doorstep, singing sweet songs.
Yesterday our troubles seemed so far away, I believe in yesterday.
Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute, and it seems like an hour. Sit with a pretty girl for an hour, and it seems like a minute. That is relativity.
Sorry, but my karma just ran over your dogma.
If at first you don't succeed, remove all evidence you ever tried.
All my friends are dead.
Spitfire!
Invaders Must Die!
Good riddence
When in danger, when in doubt, run i circles, scream and shout.
Naturlovene er til for å brytes.
Jeg er ikke full, jeg er bare i kjemisk ubalanse.
Jeg har for mye blod i slkoholomløpet! Skål skadle, fudle ska me bli adle!!! Ditt svin!
Jeg er impulsiv, bare jeg får tenkt meg om.
Ignorance is bliss, cherish it.
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee.
Those that fail to learn from history, are doomed to repeat it.
If at first you don't succeed… So much for skydiving.
I'm gonna live forever, or die trying.
I can see clearly now, the brain has gone.
Always Outnumbered, Never Outgunned
Harder Better Faster Stronger
Play that funky music white boy
I'm an actor,,,so I'll act cool
Saw a bird today and thought it would be chill as fuck to be a bird
Lock, stock and two smoking barrels
There are no stupid questions, only stupid people.
A man using the new Apple maps walks into a bar… Or maybe a hotel. Or possibly a church.
Visste dere at nordmenn har over hundre statuser om snø?
Jeg lider av kronisk utsettelsessyndrom.
Livet mitt er en eksamen i smerte
Ah. Pils. T-T-T-Tønne. Staut. FYLLIK! Humle. Lager. Tappetårn!! Gjær-gjær-gjær. Jeg spanderer en runde på hele gjengen-på heleeee gjengen
Ånei tenker Arne, jeg ser ikke ut.
I've read an article on the effects of alcohol. Scared the shit out of me! So I've decided…no more reading for me!
NZL, hvilke land er det? Naziland?
Hello, I'm Johnny Knoxville, Welcome to Jackass!
I'm so happy 'cause today I found my friends, they're in my head.
Lol meg baklengs inn i lollekassa ~ Egils datasupport.
Alt er bedre med blå himmel
Jah, det blir a nok naj ~ Tannfe
Video killed the radio star
My hand is a dolphineeeee
Du får sagt det du, Kim.
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station..
Hates being Bi-Polar.. It’s awesome!!!
No offence, samer må bort
Ei saa peitää
Prata svenska förfan
I'm waking up to ash and dust, I wipe my brow and I sweat my rust, I'm breathing in the chemicals
Checking out on the prison bus
This is it, the apocalypse
Jeg har ikke gitt opp, jeg tar bare en kunstpause
Og i dag bryr jeg meg hverken om tegn setting å/og feil eller orddelings feil? Å jeg digger det.
The average human body contains enough human bones to make up an entire human skeleton.
You are so beautiful and damaged.
Jeg er en gif du er en jpeg
I got 99 problems and they're all Zubats.
Jan has this school girl fantasy. I just don't feel comfortable putting on the dress
This is not a gym. This is like a scene out of Saw 5.
I'm not superstitious.. but I am a little stitious.
Your dentist name is crentist? Maybe thats why he became a dentist.
You know what they say; "Fool me once- strike one. Fool me twice... Strike 3."
Ironien som oppstår når en 13 år gammel jente sier hun gleder seg som en liten unge
Voices calling, voices crying, some are born and some are dying.
Trust I seek and I find in you, every day for us something new.
And I find it kind of funny, I find it kind of sad, the dreams in which I'm dying are the best I've ever had.
ll right stop, collaborate and listen, Ice is back with my brand new invention.
I was voted the most likely to succeeded at my rehab cynic.
Det beste med Facebook er at du kan sitere noe, og totalt finne opp kilden ~ George Washington
Det er ikke bare dere i radioen som har det murru på jobb da vett, i følge helse miljø og sikkerhetsrapporten internt så rater datasupport som nummer fire på lista over de som gleder seg mest til å gå på jobb etter Migrapolis, Brennpunkt og Døvenyhetene. Ironisk nok så har vi nest høyest selvmordsprosent etter Jul i Blåfjell-redaksjonen ~ Egils Datasupport.
Kunsten å gå på skole er å kunne sove sittende med øynene åpne.
It's the end of the world as we know it and I feel fine.
Same old song, just a drop of water in an endless sea. All we do, crumbles to the ground though we refuse to see, dust in the wind, all we are is dust in the wind.
Being the fact that you're alive is amazing, so you don't get to be bored.
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
Balloons are really weird. I mean, it's like "Happy birthday. Here's a plastic sac of my breath".
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow
Every man is a diary in which he writes one story while intending to write another. His humblest moment is when he compares the two.
Most men die at 27, we just bury them at 72.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is not putting it into a fruit salad.
Find what you love and let it kill you.
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and discover that the prisoner was you.
Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.
Man, he sacrifices his health in order to make money. Then he sacrifices his money to recuperate his health.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass; it's about learning to 
dance in the rain.
People were created to be loved. Things were created to be used. Corruption happens when things are loved, and people are used.
Forgiveness is giving up all hope of a better past.
Too many people spend money they haven't earned, to buy things they don't want, to impress people they don't like.
It is so easy to be wise, just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
It's only after we've lost everything, that we're free to do anything.
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.
The mind is beautiful because of the paradox. It uses itself to understand itself.
When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down ‘happy’. They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life.
Everything will be ok in the end, and if it's not ok, it isn't the end.
At the end of the game, the king and the pawn go in the same box.
The fiercest revenge happens when your enemy is forced to admit that you're the good guy and he's the bad one.
No one can go back and make a brand new start, my friend, but anyone can start from here and make a brand new end.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind
Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare.
Learn it right and you'll do it right for the rest of your life. Learn it wrong and you'll spend the rest of your life trying to get it right.
The pain of making the achievement will be forgotten. The achievement never will be.
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubts.
Life is a tragedy when seen in close-up, but a comedy in long-shot.
Most people don't plan to fail; they fail to plan.
No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don’t want to die to get there. And yet death is the destination we all share.
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be trapped by dogma — which is living with the results of other people’s thinking.
Every person I meet is my superior in some way, and in that I learn from them.
To be interested in the changing seasons is a happier state of mind than to be hopelessly in love with spring
Bitterness destroys only the vessel in which it is harbored.
What's the worst that could happen?
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Tell people there's an invisible man in the sky who create the universe, and the vast majority will believe you. Tell them the paint in wet, and they have to touch it to be sure.
I always wondered why somebody didn't do something about that, then I realized I am somebody.
Life becomes easier when you learn to accept an apology you never got.
Don't chase people. Be yourself, do your own thing, and work hard. The right people, the ones who really belong in your life, will come to you. And stay.
If you're not having fun, you may as well be dead.
Only when the last tree has died and the last river been poisoned and the last fish been caught will we realize we cannot eat money.
The worst sorrows in life are not in its losses and misfortunes, but its fears.
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today.
If Tetris has taught me anything, it's that errors pile up and accomplishments disappear.
When I was ten, I read fairy tales in secret and would have been ashamed if I had been found doing so. Now that I am fifty I read them openly. When I became a man I put away childish things, including the fear of childishness and the desire to be very grown up.
Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.
We prepare for greatness by failing until we don't.
Those who drink to drown their sorrows should be told that sorrows know how to swim.
Some people are so poor. All they have is money.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Five years from now, you’re the same person except for the people you've met and the books you've read.
Shit happens.
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
Never test the depth of river with both the feet.
Faith is taking the first step when you don't see the whole staircase.
You are not a drop in the ocean. You are the entire ocean in a drop.
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future.
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
Wisdom begins in wonder.
Advertising has us chasing cars and cloths, working jobs we hate so we can buy shit we don't need.
Everything that has a beginning has an end.
It could be worse. It could be raining.
Get busy living, or get busy dying.
